{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red55\green12\blue61;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw16836\paperh11904\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9420\viewh9100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf2 "Living in a Megacity" is an exhibition concept that portrays the new urban era and the rise of the mega-cities. For the first time in human history there are more people living in cities than in rural areas.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Mega-cities reveal new levels of urban challenges and opportunities, mainly related with their scale and density. And they often have more in common with other large scale cities than with the respective\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 country where they are situated. Even though, each mega-city is unique and made up by the many different people and activities which there are concentrated. In this way, the intent of the exhibition is to reveal the\'a0\
different layers that made up these super size cities, like housing, transportation, food, security, fashion, etc.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Tokyo is nowadays the greatest worldwide mega-city, with over 35 million inhabitants, but also one of the most organized, cleanest and safe ones. Out of this reason it is the chosen study case to assemble and present the\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 "Living in a Megacity" exhibition concept.\
\
The concept of the exhibition design is composed by four main ideas:\'a0\
* the tower, symbol of urbanisation until today, and therefore the consequent form to portray each mega-city study case;\'a0\
* the distinct towers height, related to each mega-city\'91s high density population;\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 * the overlaid card boards representing the different layers that make up each one of these great cities;\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 * and the \'a0\'93information drawers\'94, as an analogy to the discovering state of mind experienced by these cities inhabitants, that the visitor can open to find the singularities of each mega-city.\'a0\
\
The goal was also to create an exhibition easy to transport, adapt, update and recycle.\
\
+++\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf2 "Living in a Megacity" is an exhibition concept that portrays the new urban era and the rise of the mega-cities. \cf3 Mega-cities reveal new levels of urban challenges and opportunities, mainly related with their scale and density. But e\cf2 ach one is unique and made up by the many different people and activities which there are concentrated. In this way, the intent of this exhibition concept is to reveal the different layers that made up these super size cities, like housing or transportation.\
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The concept of the exhibition design is composed by four main ideas:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 * the tower, symbol of urbanisation until today;
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 * the distinct towers height, related to each mega-city\'91s high density population;
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf3 * the overlaid card boards, representing the different layers that make up each one of these cities;\
\cf2 * and the \'93information drawers\'94, as an analogy to the discovering state of mind experienced by these cities inhabitants.\
The goal was also to create an exhibition easy to transport, adapt, update and recycle.\
\
+++\
"Living in a Megacity" is an exhibition concept that portrays the new urban era and the rise of the mega-cities.\
\
Mega-cities reveal new levels of urban challenges and opportunities, mainly related with their scale and density. But each mega-city is unique and made up by the many different people and activities which there are concentrated. In this way, the intent of the exhibition is to reveal the\'a0different layers that made up these super size cities, like housing, transportation, food, security, fashion, etc. The goal was also to create an exhibition easy to transport, adapt, update and recycle.\
\
Tokyo is nowadays the greatest worldwide mega-city, with over 35 million inhabitants, but also one of the most organized, cleanest and safe ones. Out of this reason it is the chosen study case to assemble and present the\'a0\
"Living in a Megacity" exhibition concept.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
}